staging v4.0.0-alpha2 (#100)
strangelove-ventures/noble-networks: testnet/grand-1/chain-upgrades/v4.0.0-alpha2/README.md

# Upgrade to v4.0.0-alpha2

## Overview

> We are excited to announce the upcoming software upgrade for the Noble `grand-1` testnet chain. This upgrade will transition us to `v4.0.0-alpha2`. This upgrades adds stability to the cctp and router modules for continued testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited to announce the next software upgrade for the Noble `grand-1` testnet chain. This upgrade will transition the network to `v4.0.0-alpha2`. This upgrade adds stability to both the CCTP and Router modules, allowing continued testing.
```

**Key Details:**
- **Target Block:** [`2682700`](https://testnet.mintscan.io/noble-testnet/blocks/2682700)

> - **Estimated Date & Time:** Thursday, August 24th, around 11am EST. *(Please note that this is an approximation. Due to varying block times, it's crucial to monitor the chain for the exact upgrade moment.)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Estimated Date & Time:** Thursday, August 24th, around 11am EST. *(Please note that this is an approximation. Due to varying block times, it's crucial to monitor the chain for the exact upgrade time.)*
```

## Step-by-Step Upgrade Instructions

1. **Set Halt Height:** All validators must set the halt height to `2682700`. There is no on chain instruction to halt.
2. **Use Pre-Built Binaries:** Choose the appropriate binary for your system:
   - [AMD](./nobled_linux-amd64)
   - [ARM](./nobled_linux-arm64)

### Using Docker?

> Pull the latest image with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pull the latest image:
```
